README.md, before:

# Architectury Loom based template for 1.8.9 forge mods

**For other templates, do check out the [other branches of this repository](https://github.com/romangraef/Forge1.8.9Template/branches/all)**

To get started, clone this repository.
In `build.gradle.kts`, replace the values of `baseGroup` and `group` with your own names.
In `settings.gradle.kts` change `rootProject.name` to your desired mod id.

The `com.example` package needs to be renamed to match the value of `baseGroup`.

If you don't want mixins (which allow for modifying vanilla code), then you can remove the references to mixins from
the `build.gradle.kts` at the lines specified with comments and the `com.example.mixin` package.

This project uses [DevAuth](https://github.com/DJtheRedstoner/DevAuth) per default, so you can log in using your real
minecraft account. If you don't need that, you can remove it from the buildscript.

To run the mod you will need two JDKs, one Java 17 jdk and one Java 1.8 jdk. You can download those
from [here](https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases) (or use your own downloads).

When you import your project into IntelliJ, you need to set the gradle jvm to the Java 17 JDK in the gradle tab, and the
Project SDK to the Java 1.8 JDK. Then click on the sync button in IntelliJ, and it should create a run task
called `Minecraft Client`. If it doesn't then try relaunching your IntelliJ. **Warning for Mac users**: You might have to remove the `-XStartOnFirstThread` vm argument from your run configuration. In the future, that should be handled by the plugin, but for now you'll probably have to do that manually.

To export your project, run the `gradle build` task, and give other people the
file `build/libs/<modid>-<version>.jar`. Ignore the jars in the `build/badjars` folder. Those are intermediary jars that
are used by the build system but *do not work* in a normal forge installation.

### For those who have not an attention span

[![Youtube Tutorial](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/nWzHlomdCgc/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWzHlomdCgc)

## Licensing

This template is licensed under the Unlicense (license copy present in this repository), or alternatively under [Creative Commons 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/), and all contributions and PR to this template are expected to follow this. This means your mod, based on this template can be licensed whatever way you want, and does not need to reference back to this template in any way.

Commit message:

implemented craft flip, need to add more recipes

README.md, after:

# Flippy
## What is flippy
Flippy is a simple mod that I am developing to make it easier to flip items on the bazaar, and in the future maybe the auction house.

It's really only a calculator that grabs the prices of items from the Hypixel api.
## How to use Flippy
The command to use flippy is '/flippy {type} {itemId} {amount}'

e.g. /flippy normal SLIME_BALL 10000

At the moment just running '/flippy' opens up a broken GUI, I have plans to fix it in the future

The command will calculate and output the total profit based on the type of flip selected, and the amount of the given item

### Arguments
1. type

Type can either be 'normal' or 'craft'

'normal' is the normal flip where you create a buy order, then make a sell order once it's full

'craft' is a flip where you create buy orders, and craft the items into a new item, then create a sell order above them

if 'craft' is selected, the command will also output the amount of each item that you need to buy

2. itemId

This is the id of the item that you want to craft and/or flip (e.g. "ENCHANTED_GOLD")

3. amount

This is the amount of the item that you want to craft and/or flip
